n-triples doc patch, refs #92 (#93)
zazuko/rdfjs-elements: packages/formats/README.md

```

> To get an output in n-triples, n-quads or n3 format the mime-type must be specified:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get an output in n-triples, n-quads or n3 format the sink map interface can be used where media type must be specified:
```

Author: Perfect. Thank you very much.
